Documentation updates/bug fixes from first installations on several platforms (#203)
JCSDA/spack-stack: doc/source/Documentation.rst

*******************************

This documentation is generated using ``sphinx``, supported formats are HTML and TeX/LaTeX (in PDF). ``sphinx`` and its dependencies can be installed using ``spack-stack``

> and the environment spec ``jedi-tools-env`` (see :numref:`Section %s <Environments>`). Note that in order to generated TeX/LaTeX documentation, a TeX/LaTeX distribution is required as external package (see :numref:`Section %s <Prerequisites_Texlive>`), and the ``jedi-tools-env`` environment spec must be built with the variant ``+latex``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the environment spec ``jedi-tools-env`` (see :numref:`Section %s <Environments>`). Note that in order to generate TeX/LaTeX documentation, a TeX/LaTeX distribution is required as an external package (see :numref:`Section %s <Prerequisites_Texlive>`), and the ``jedi-tools-env`` environment spec must be built with the variant ``+latex``.
```

Steps to generate the documentation locally:

> 1. If using a ``spack-stack`` environment, load the required modules (e.g. ``module load jedi-tools-env``), otherwise make sure that ``sphinx``is loaded, ``sphinxcontrib-bibtex`` and your TeX/LaTeX distribution of choice are in loaded into your environment. The latter two are only required if building the TeX/LaTeX documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If using a ``spack-stack`` environment, load the required modules (e.g. ``module load jedi-tools-env``), otherwise make sure that ``sphinx``is loaded, ``sphinxcontrib-bibtex`` and your TeX/LaTeX distribution of choice are optionally loaded into your environment. The latter two are only required if building the TeX/LaTeX documentation.
```
